Align docs to package name change in examples, fix KL100-2 base_link mesh (#244)
kroshu/kuka_simulators: README.md

A `robot_model` argument can be added after the command (e.g. `robot_model:=lbr_iisy11_r1300`). The default robot model is `lbr_iisy3_r760`

> These launch files are not using the actual driver implementation, they only start `rviz` the `move_group` server and a `ros2_control_node` with fake hardware and two controllers `joint_state_broadcaster` and `joint_trajectory_controller` The server will be able to accept planning requests from the plugin or from code. An example how to create such a request from C++ code can be found in the `moveit_example` package in the [`examples`](https://github.com/kroshu/examples) repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These launch files do not use the actual driver implementation. Instead, they start RViz, the `move_group` server, and a `ros2_control_node` configured with fake hardware, along with the `joint_state_broadcaster` and `joint_trajectory_controller` controllers. The server can accept planning requests from the MoveIt plugin or directly from user code. An example of how to create such a request in C++ can be found in the `moveit_example` package in the [`examples`](https://github.com/kroshu/examples) repository.
```
